The Group has remained true to its  founding mission to make life better  by bringing people together for   fun and entertainment. Our growing live casino is   now a major revenue contributor to   our digital casino channel. 28 Operating review  42 Tax fact ﬁle An update on Rank’s approach to regulatory and ﬁscal reform can be  found at www.rank.com/downloads/gameplan-vol2-nov-2013.pdf  or by written request to the company secretary. Business continuity and disaster recovery Due to the venues based nature of much of the business, the Group’s  signiﬁcant reliance on technology, and the criticality of staff in serving  customers and running the business, serious disruptive events such as  building ﬁre, pandemic or serious technology failure may cause an  interruption to the ability to operate elements of the business if business  continuity and disaster recovery plans failed to operate successfully. 28 The Rank Group Plc: Annual Report and Financial Statements 2014 Strategic report Operating review DELIVERING SOLID  RESUL TS During the 12 months to 30 June 2014, Rank has grown  revenue and operating proﬁt due to the contribution  of the acquired casinos. Taxation represents a signiﬁcant proportion of the Group’s  total outgoings, as can be seen from the chart below: The Rank Group Plc: Annual Report and Financial Statements 2014 43 It remains Rank’s objective to ensure that all taxes are correctly  accounted for and that tax returns are completed accurately  and on time and that any tax liabilities are paid. In exceptional circumstances when a director is unable to  attend a meeting, their comments on brieﬁng papers are   given in advance to the relevant chairman. Formal brieﬁngs on shareholder opinion are circulated to   the board after presentation of the Company’s interim and  annual results. Compliance control: Across the Group we have teams whose  responsibility it is to ensure day-to-day adherence to all  legislation to which our operations are subject, including  gambling, anti money laundering and health and safety. The director of internal audit makes regular presentations   to the audit committee and reporting includes comparative  and trend analysis. Other employees attend  meetings of the risk committee by invitation, as appropriate,  depending on the speciﬁc agenda items to be discussed at the  meeting. Performance targets may relate to both  ﬁnancial and non-ﬁnancial measures linked to the Company’s long-term business   strategy, including:  • Group EBITDA • Group proﬁt after tax DIRECTORS’ REMUNERATION REPORT continued The Rank Group Plc: Annual Report and Financial Statements 2014 67 Maximum Ordinarily any increases in executive directors’ base  salaries will be limited to those received by the wider  workforce during the year . Notwithstanding achievement of all or any part of the performance targets, the directors have absolute discretion to determine  the extent to which the Awards will vest, if at all, having regard to the Company’s TSR performance over the performance period  as compared with the comparable TSR performance of companies within the FTSE 350 Index. In view of the   low level of free ﬂoat following the completion of Guoco  Group Limited’s general offer for Rank in July 2011, the  non-executive director quarterly share purchase programme  and the shareholding guidelines for executive directors and  other members of the executive committee who are directors  of Rank subsidiary companies were suspended pending   a restoration of the Company’s free ﬂoat to a higher level. Notes to the financial statements 1.1.2 Going concern In adopting the going concern basis for preparing the  consolidated and Company ﬁnancial statements, the directors  have considered the issues impacting the Group during the  period as detailed in the strategic report on pages 4 to 45 and  have reviewed the Group’s projected compliance with its  banking covenants detailed in the ﬁnance review on page   41. Further details of  contingent liabilities are disclosed in note 31. A reversal of an impairment loss is recognised within  exceptional items in the income statement immediately. The Group has no further payment obligations once   the contributions have been paid. Further  details are provided in the table below: Year ended  30 June  2013  £m Acquisition costs 7.4 Loss on disposal of Edinburgh non-operating casino licence 0.4 Integration costs 0.7 Total 8.5 The disposal of the Edinburgh non-operating licence was required in order to obtain Competition Commission clearance   for the acquisition. 8 Results attributable to the parent company The Company has elected to take the exemption under section 408 of the Companies Act 2006 not to present the parent  company income statement. £80.9m of this goodwill  arose on the acquisition of 19 casinos during the prior year, further details of which are provided in note 25. In respect of the Mecca digital CGU, the recoverable amount has been determined based on a value in use calculation using   cash ﬂow projections based on the Group’s budget for 2014/15, the Group’s strategic plan for the following two years and a  growth rate of 2.0%  thereafter. Notes to the financial statements continued The Rank Group Plc: Annual Report and Financial Statements 2014 117 The inherent value of a casino licence is deemed to be an intrinsic part of the value of the operation of a casino as a whole   and are therefore not split out from each casino in an impairment review. Interest is payable on a periodic basis depending on the loan drawn. No credit limits were exceeded during the reporting period and management does not expect any material losses from non- performance of its counterparties. Liquidity risk Liquidity risk is the risk that the Group will not have sufﬁcient funds to meet its liabilities. Provision has been made against those leases where the property  or part of the property is now vacant and the unavoidable costs under the lease exceed the economic beneﬁt expected to be  derived from potential sub-letting arrangements. The information is also not indicative of the future results of the Group. In the absence of a clearer understanding of the subject it   is likely that measures designed to tackle problem gambling   will prove insufﬁciently effective. Provide safeguards and intervene where problems arise Since 2006, we have worked with GamCare to test the  effectiveness of our customer protection measures, gaining  accreditation for our venues and digital businesses.